# __Biden Administration to Award Billions in Subsidies to Semiconductor Companies__, from ([20240225](https://kghosh.substack.com/p/20240225).)

__[External link](https://www.cnbc.com/2024/01/27/us-to-reportedly-announce-billions-of-dollars-in-subsidies-for-advanced-chips.html)__



## Summary

The Biden administration plans to award subsidies to top semiconductor companies, such as Intel and TSMC, to build new factories in the United States. The aim is to ramp up advanced semiconductor manufacturing for smartphones, AI, and weapons systems. Announcements are expected before President Biden's State of the Union address. Intel has ongoing projects in Arizona, Ohio, New Mexico, and Oregon, with a total cost of over $43.5 billion. TSMC is constructing two plants near Phoenix with a $40 billion investment. Other contenders include Samsung Electronics, Micron Technology, Texas Instruments, and GlobalFoundries. In December 2023, the US Commerce Secretary announced funding awards for semiconductor chips as part of the "Chips for America" program.

## Keywords

* Biden administration
* semiconductor companies
* subsidies
* Intel
* Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.
* TSMC
* factories
* United States
* advanced semiconductors
* smartphones
* artificial intelligence
* weapons systems
* State of the Union address
* Arizona
* Ohio
* New Mexico
* Oregon
* South Korea
* Samsung Electronics
* Texas
* Micron Technology
* Texas Instruments
* GlobalFoundries
* U.S. Department of Commerce
* funding awards
* semiconductor chips
* Gina Raimondo
* BAE Systems
* chips for fighter planes
* Chips for America subsidy program
* U.S. Congress

## Themes

* Semiconductor manufacturing
* Government subsidies
* United States chip production

## Signals

| Signal                                              | Change                                           | 10y horizon                                                      | Driving force                                  |
|:----------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------|
| US government subsidies for semiconductor companies | Increase in domestic semiconductor manufacturing | Increased production and innovation in US semiconductor industry | National security and economic competitiveness |

## Closest

* [US Restricts Nvidia GPU Sales to Thwart China's AI Development](b79a2baa87b68283198416791b93bce4)
* [Biden Administration to Award Billions in Subsidies to Semiconductor Companies](56fdd83956fda4be2560c7d4c4238af2)
* [Biden Administration to Award Billions in Subsidies to Semiconductor Companies](56fdd83956fda4be2560c7d4c4238af2)
* [New York's Right-to-Repair Bill and Lobbyist Influence](c43f57be38bbfef16e25047b07cd9d5d)
* [The Role of Semiconductors in Modern Warfare](328434477c31995b44102949d5341006)
* [Biden Administration to Award Billions in Subsidies to Semiconductor Companies](56fdd83956fda4be2560c7d4c4238af2)
* [Biden Administration to Award Billions in Subsidies to Semiconductor Companies](56fdd83956fda4be2560c7d4c4238af2)
* [France Invests €3 Billion in Semiconductor Factory](8dfeb7f353bb51c54f0fbaeadf3ed292)
* [Wi-Fi Spy Drones Target Financial Firm](20ad49fa494b31286502efcbf6e22d9a)
* [DoD Launches AI Bias Bounty Exercises](012558fa97aeed65d7ca86de4a6c1cbd)