# __The Power of Customer Driven Marketing__, from ([20230319](https://kghosh.substack.com/p/20230319).)

__[External link](https://www.absolutdata.com/blog/why-scaling-customer-driven-marketing-requires-digital-twins-absolutdata/)__



## Summary

Customer driven marketing, also known as customer directed marketing, is a strategy that is changing businesses by shifting the focus to the customers. It recognizes that customers are now in control of the buying process and that personalized approaches work better than broad, one-size-fits-all marketing. To respond to customers as individuals, a better type of personalization and segmentation is needed. This is where the concept of digital twins comes in. Digital twins are virtualized models of customers that reflect their actions, behavior, thoughts, and feelings. By using digital twins, marketers can achieve hyper personalization and better understand their customers' needs and drivers. This can be done at scale with the help of AI-powered marketing bots, which track and update dynamic cohorts, provide recommendations for successful campaigns, and optimize marketing efforts. Overall, customer driven marketing with the use of digital twins and AI is making marketing more agile and less labor-intensive.

## Keywords

* customer driven marketing
* customer directed marketing
* business
* customers
* AI for marketing
* digital twin concept
* personalization
* segmentation
* digital twin
* hyper personalization

## Themes

* customer driven marketing
* personalization
* digital twin

## Signals

| Signal                    | Change                                                  | 10y horizon                                                             | Driving force                                             |
|:--------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------|
| Customer driven marketing | Shift from static segmentation to hyper personalization | Companies can use digital twins for more accurate customer segmentation | Desire to better target and personalize marketing efforts |

## Closest

* [10 Ideas Shaping the Business Landscape in 2023](0d5cc4e60484c56f76248ad109ad9c04)
* [Navigating the Brave New World of Generative AI](ed237776f4979a2104f62c4985fbeba8)
* [Digital Transformation Strategies for Success](5564aecc487fff9617e0ddb0869d26fd)
* [Creating and Destroying Value with Generative AI](15d4ec180189ca1739398f516844cefb)
* [Disentangling the Three Languages: Customers, Product, and the Business](c8c57f296054fd3956622cbf5c64f7aa)